well I'm at the offline house right now
for my Christmas holiday Kwanzaa
Hanukkah extravaganza series with
everybody here I don't know what we're
doing either way I'm joined right now by
toast
who is your still the newest person to
live here right I am still the most
recent off 19 remember yes because we
talked about six weeks ago or so at
Blizzcon you had just moved in now
you've been here for a while are you
regretting your decision yet yeah a
little bit every day I wake up and I see
the mess this buildings in I'm like this
is disgusting and filthy yeah do you
feel you feel bad or is it weird for you
or you like the outcast being the
hearthstone guy and basically a legal
legends house a little bit but it makes
me feel special because like I stand out
from the normies in the house I was
joking with Josh and Mark in another
video just a little bit ago about how
previously there was the video that's
like who would scar and whoever else
have sex with in League of Legends then
you showed up and they get to do a video
it's like who would everyone have sex
with a hearthstone and was that the
content you aspire to create when you
join the house no I was hoping to make
like serious impactful content and then
they're like hey you know smash her past
yeah Jana's hot she's some hearthstone
would you bang her like does not want to
stand up for ya well what was the answer
again I think we would kill Jana because
she's kind of like racist and stuff no
yeah that's they changed her oh you went
with the wild or yeah yeah world of
warcraft which you know it's the
original hearthstone MMO yes it's a
hearthstone MMO I thought it was a wild
card Gator MMO card game I didn't know
that they based World of Warcraft over
by popularity now it's like no one plays
well by everyone with his heart still
you two could play the play the cards in
the real world of World of Warcraft very
exciting stuff
what has there been any terrible moments
or anything that stands out since you
joined the house
terrible moments crazy I mean probably
once a week I'd you know open the door
to my room and it'd be literally a pile
shed in the middle of it from want dogs
and like the fun thing is trying to
guess which dog is it but it's usually
Lily P choose dog okay cuz I just did an
interview with her where she claimed
that the dog was like perfect it never
did anything wrong um I mean it's not
wrong to take a dump in the middle of
someone's room it's not wrong not wrong
I feel like if I did that people would
be upset with me it's it's not wrong
lily is staring at me is there a problem
yeah you are you and Lily their closest
friends in the house because I've I've
noticed you guys tweet about each other
you've done some content together um
well it's hard to say I like fed a lot
and Lily hangs out with us a lot cuz she
doesn't have much going on like pokey
and SCARA like they're cool but they're
really busy but like Lily's like after
she streams like she doesn't have
anything going on her life so she wants
to hang out it's like naturally you're
gonna hang out with them more right yeah
I have friends like that where it's sort
of like they're just there right yeah
it's like somehow you know you invite
your three closest friends over and then
there's another person that's always
kind of there yeah like he's gonna know
or like he's gonna know that you're all
hanging out and she didn't get any but
she's gonna be upset she like really
want to come hang out with us yeah and
then you also get you access to like the
pictures that she can draw if you do
that mmm
she doesn't draw anything from me I've
asked her oh really yeah she just said
in a video with me that she'd be happy
like any time I want like she'll make
thumbnails and stuff like that and she
won't she won't do anything for you she
said I have to host her at least ten
times before she draws me one picture
that's seven host now so three more to
go
nice unlock is that part of the new
twitch achievement program less closely
meets you ten times get access to art
yeah it's like her own personal twitch
achievements what is it what has it been
like for you as a content creator moving
into the house because you did you did a
lot of the Heartstone stuff but now like
with the whole offline project it's much
more about kind of building these
YouTube superstars right are you being
built into a YouTube superstar ah it's
hard to say like I'm gaining a lot of
new people from like offline TV and
League of Legends like every now and
then stream League and there be
occasions where like I'm the number one
least Reimer for like a couple of hours
and people show up it's like who is this
guy and same was like the other way
where a lot of my hearthstone viewers
are checking offline TV and release
dream and SCARA stream so it's
definitely moving to a place where I'm
no longer just a hearthstone youtuber
streamer it's kind of reaching fun West
I go
he's a twitch streamer now are your
hearthstone fans said are they like
you've sold out o most are very
supportive but you get a couple guys in
chat saying like go back to hearthstone
I subbed to you for hearthstone where's
my hearthstone and i just banned him
face up to you you just ban him i mean
like the subs like it's appreciated
support but like if you're gonna chew me
out every time not playing hearthstone
yeah how good are you so if you are the
number one League of Legends at top
player at times you must be pretty good
at the game to get all that twitch
fandom I'm like I'm not I'm probably the
third best player in the house right now
okay behind Mouse Cara and pokey are
really good right okay they've been like
diamond and challenger okay and so what
rank are you I am rank level 29 right
now but soon I'm gonna do my placements
and I'm gonna get boosted to challenger
by golden glue is the plan okay you got
it it's pretty hype if you can get just
remember that if you can get above I
think it's above level 20 by the end of
the month you can get some rewards
League of Legends yeah it's a pretty big
deal is there like these to have those
jackets for challenger players yes yes
you get one of those the cost you get
boosted to challenger I don't know I
think SCARA has pretty competitive rates
I know he boosts a lot of people so I
can't I thought I was and that scar
would be the one getting boosted maybe I
think he fart he's built a brand he's
used to his ability to get boosted to
build a brand of success that then he
farms out his blade oh man I contracted
out like you this was really popular
authors at a certain point in time you
know they're churning out once a book
every month but like they're no longer
the people writing the books they just
use their name in front so it's a bunch
of ghost writers actually scars stream
is just a looping picture of himself at
the corner and then an army of people
playing behind the screen at any given
point in time so Whedon we talked at
Blizzcon you know I don't think you had
played League of Legends at all right I
don't think I had instant installed it
after I came back from this con and what
is your take on the game now that you've
played it cuz you're if you're level 29
that's that's you've been playing a
little bit I mean I played like a long
time I played during beta so like a lot
of things have changed but one thing I
don't understand and League is like why
can't people like be objective about
their mistakes and acknowledge and say
hey I messed up there I should have done
this instead and I'm gonna move on from
it instead they just choose to like
randomly pick one of the teammates and
said you caused me to mess up I hate you
please you know and your life and some
something like that it's like like scar
and pokey saying that stuff oh ah not
pokey yeah no I don't know why people in
league are so toxic
I wonder if hearthstone was a team game
if you would because in hearthstone you
blame rng or you blame blizzard right
based on what I've seen from rain ad
stream that's who you blame but in
league you have all these other human
beings in that game with you so you can
just blame them yeah the one thing I do
like about League over hearthstone is
that you can be toxic yeah like how
except I like it
I also do cuz in hearthstone you can see
greetings good games well played like
and Lee can just type or whatever you
want you can just find out what would it
hurt
like emotionally the most like find that
sweet spot and just go after it and like
they're gonna return and you're like oh
I'm angry now you're just and then if
you get banned for doing that you just
build a tournament and make 200 thousand
viewers watch the tournament and find
great success yeah Tyler one invitation
on stuff yeah that guy is very smart
I wonder like that's under old guy I
think you got you must have gotten paid
for tile by tile at one because it's
like the best PR ever like he goes out
to insult him and makes him the most
popular hey we when we talked up this
time the new hearthstone expansion had
not hit now it has hit what do you think
of it now that you've played it I know
for a long time for a while you were
churning dungeon runs right for the 30s
so twitch is offering $30,000 to the guy
who can clear dungeon runs in the least
mile tries so trumps in the league right
now at 9 I'm at 11 but we're gonna go
into the playoffs but Co balls and
catacombs has been great a lot of cool
stuff corridor creeper if you guys don't
know it's in every single deck ever so
that's the one downsides like corridor
creeper corridor creeper but other than
corridor creeper dunya runs insane if
you haven't tried hearthstone now it's a
good time because it's PvE content you
don't play against other players and
it's free and Blizzard I hope you're
listening to this cuz I'm advertising
your game for you pay me and yeah they
don't like my content they don't watch
it I don't know why not they're just
like that's he's just a riot chill you
know like we don't wait no I'm just
kidding I've got good friends over there
I don't know if anybody on the
hearthstone team watches myself though
mmm yeah the hearthstone team are pretty
isolated yeah I sometimes I see Ben
Burtt I actually have seen Ben Brode
walk past me so many times I'm like
that's the guy and then but he has no
idea who I am it's very sad like saying
hi waving to him I'm too intimidated you
know like he's just like he'll just
laugh he'll give the chuckle and then
I'll just feel very upset it's 30 thing
that you want to say to any of the
people that are watching this and maybe
maybe they're fans of yours and they
haven't checked out the offline
yet or maybe the art fans of yours and
they don't know who you are because
they're League of Legends fans anything
you wanna say to anybody hi I'm disguise
toast and that's I think that's enough
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things You Tube superstars right here on
my youtube channel do you do would you
put your suspect I button I mean it's I
don't oh you mean like the link to sub
like outro you go like don't forget to
click here to subscribe or here
subscribe depends on the I think it's
usually on the right side because I use
these custom mattress but there's not a
sub button there's just a related video
button and a support link outro because
I already have two things right there
right which is up to four elements at
the end of every outro annotation oh
maybe I'll do that
subscribe playlist most recent video 3 3
elements oh you use a playlist yeah I
have a playlist on my ipod so like a
playlist a video and the subscribe
button by the way did you tube ever
decide that you are a real person for
your second a second youtube channel yes
after i made a fuss on twitter and like
everyone helped out like even guys like
idubbbz messaging youtube the head of
East Fork finally contacted me to say
hey did you see that happen to bunny foo
foo as well yeah I saw that it's like
apparently you can just report a channel
and say this is in the real person stuff
we're gonna do it oh yeah YouTube will
just take it down like they don't do any
due diligence so don't do that well
anyway this video is done